The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Did you see that lady who got into it with Trump? No. This reporter,
first of all, she was asking a question with a mask on,
which is like settle down. <laugh> they had to that's so crazy.
Everybody there had to have a mask on,
but he didn't have a mask on she's the only one, she took it off.
When she got mad, she did. Yeah. Play it. Play the video.
Everybody there has took it off once she got mad. So this in the white house,
what happened? He was saying, she was saying,
why are you bragging about how many Americans
have been tested? And that the United States test more people than anybody.
Right? When, uh, 80,000 people have died, like,
why is this a competition for you Uhhuh? And so he says, um,
he said that you should ask China. He said, people are dying everywhere.
If you want, you want to ask someone about that?
You should ask China mm-hmm <affirmative> and she says,
why did you say that specifically to me? Because she's Asian.
Oh, so, and then, and then he goes, thank you, next question to someone else.
And then this lady steps in and she was gonna, she was like, I have a question.
She was like, and then she wanted to let her talk.
Uhhuh was gonna give her question to that lady Uhhuh. So she'd ask again,
this is something the reporters are doing now. Right? It's adorable.
<laugh> the president says next person. And he goes, sir, he goes, yes, you,
he goes, I'd like to give my colleague this question and then they give it back.
So the reporters are forcing him to ask questions in a really sneaky way.
And it seems like, it seems like they're all in on it.
So when one of 'em has like some sort of a contentious exchange with the
president. Yeah. And the president says next, so they say, sir, over here,
he goes, you, he goes, I'd like to give this question to my colleague.
<laugh> give it back to Bob. It's some crazy keep away game playing. Oh, right.
And uh, you know, he goes, and she goes,
why are you saying that specifically to me? You know, because she's Asian.
And he goes, I'm not saying it specifically to anybody.
I'm just saying you should ask China. Right. It's it's kind of crazy.
Like watch this.
The us is doing far better than any other country when it comes to testing.
Yes. Why does that matter? Why this a global competition to you.
If every day Americans are still losing their lives and we're still seeing more
cases every day.
Well, they're losing their lives everywhere in the world.
And maybe that's a question you should ask China. Don't ask me,
ask China that question. Okay. When you ask them that question,
you may get a very unusual answer. Yes. Behind you please. Uh.
Hold on. Here. It goes. Watch. See? It's mad, sir. Why are you.
Saying saying that to me specifically?
I'm telling you, I'm not saying it specifically to anybody.
I'm saying it to anybody that would ask a nasty question like that.
That's not a nasty, please. Go ahead. Why does it matter when, okay. Uh,
anybody else? Please go ahead please. Two questions. No, it's okay.
But you pointed to me. I have two questions Mr. Next next, please. You did.
You called on me. <laugh> I did. And you didn't respond. And now I'm calling on,
sorry. I just wanted the young lady in the back, please.
I just wanted to let my colleague finish,
but can I ask you ladies and gentlemen? Thank you. I just.
Wanna let my C finish. They know how to do this.
They have this little sneaky move. <laugh> they've done it before. It's pretty,
pretty interesting. Oh, they've, they've come up with ways to, uh, to.
Deal with, to get around the angry substitute teacher. That's so strange.
So strange to see a guy who's a present,
regardless of whether or not you think he's handling anything. Well,
it's so strange to see that, like that's such,
he's supposed to be the media guy, right? Right. Yeah.
He's supposed to be the guy that's like savvy the savvy television performer
guy. Right. And to handle that, that poorly. Yeah.
I know. I don't understand why it would take so little for him to have every,
his numbers would be through the.
But this is what happens. They're they're playing a game. Right.
And they just won that hand. Right.
Because the game is talk condescending to you, right? Like,
why is it a competition to you when all these people are dying. Right.
And you said people are dying all over the world.
If you wanna know why you should ask China, that's a good answer.
It is to question, that's a gotcha question.
But then she makes it racial. I know, because it wasn't necessarily.
Racial. He come in with a, with a hard cha he did.
China, but he does that China.
But that's still not.
Racist. I know. But so if he was talking to a white man, yeah.
And the white man said that to him and he said, you should ask China. Sure.
He would say the same thing. Yes. Yes. Just the worst case scenario.
That that question gets asked by a lady with a mask on Asian,
China, and then she gets mad and she takes the mask off.
Let know she's not even playing by the rules anymore. Yeah. Are you racist?
You know, it is a, uh, it is a beehive of an environment there.
It is not. It is. But it's also,
I don't know if that's helping anybody like to chastise him,
but to get him riled up. And I don't think it's helping anybody the way he's.
Biting. No, this, I mean, yeah. It's a complete breakdown of what that,
that used to be used.
To be. Yeah. It's not what it used to be. It's this weird, gotcha. Competition.
And then him getting pissy. Yeah. And him, the fact that he stormed off like.
That, it's a, it's a TV show. It's we're watching a TV show.
We're not watching the, the adult telling us if it's gonna be okay.
You're so right. <laugh> and during a pandemic,
that is the worst time for some like that. It's the.
Worst. I just, you just want some consolidation of real information.
Just tell me how to feel. Dude.
I remember have to know nine 11 people hated Bush.
They thought he was really dumb and he couldn't spell. Yeah. And then, uh,
well that was, that was Dan quail, but that was his insurance policy, right?
Yeah. Dan quail was so boring.
No, but people hated Bush going into that. They hated him, hated.
Him. But then after nine 11, he had some speeches.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> that made even people that I knew that were hardcore
liberals, like, all right. I love this sky. I.
Love it's a moment when you rally. Yeah.
Well, he really rose the occasion too. Yeah. George Bush, after nine 11,
he gave people a sense of comfort.
That's right. That's what you want. You see people craving it. We're craving it.
Yes. That's why, when that's why,
when Cuomo and Newsom speak and they just give you reassuring.
Yeah. Very, very controlled. This isn't a people gravitate.
You're just like, okay. You just want to hear that.
You just want to Giuliani was the same way after nine 11. It was like, okay,
you're making me feel better. That made.
Giuliani's reputation the way percent like, like a leader. A hundred.
Percent. Yeah. It's um, it's you don't,
you don't pit people against each other in a tragedy. And.
But it's unfortunate that he can't see that. And he keeps getting caught.
It's like, you know what? It's like, it's like,
he's boxing with someone who's piecing him up. Yeah.
Like these things keep happening.
So he keeps having these exchanges where he's like heated exchanges and war
words get said, and it's bizarre.
It's really strange.
Was the one where he went off the script where he was talking about therapies.
Yeah. Uh, maybe we could, uh, get some disinfection.
It kills it in a minute in the leg, a cleansing. You see the woman next to.
Just like her eyes coming out of her head. She's taking deep breaths.
So she doesn't pass out in the middle of it. She was like.
Holy. So then after that, he responds that, you know, he was sarcastic.
Yeah. The reporter is asking, he said he was sarcastic.
Like he should have said, look, I'm not a doctor. This is just an idea.
Cause that's really what it was. It was like,
I might have done that on a podcast. If I was I'd have to be drunk.
You'd have to be drunk. You've to.
You would, I've never seen you smoke that much weed. I could get there.
I could get there. If you leave me alone long enough,
I'll say something that dumb.
I said the dumbest of my life on this podcast high.
Not that.
High, but here's the thing. What came out of it, which really fascinating. Yeah.
There was an actual,
publicly traded biotech company that came up with an idea mm-hmm <affirmative>
to get when an intubated people, uh, to get a, uh,
ultraviolet light tube down through that, into the lungs,
Uhhuh and illuminate, cuz using ultraviolet light, you can kill bacteria. Right?
You can kill viruses.
And that's one of the reasons why they have those things like stereo pens,
where you go backpacking, Uhhuh, um,
you can get some water out of a Creek and you just use this ultraviolet light.
It kills everything inside that water. Right. Right. So they,
they actually have this bio old company publicly traded company put out this
video on how this can be done Uhhuh. Well,
their account was banned from Twitter.
Oh really? Because is it a real company?
Yes. It's a real company and they let 'em back eventually. Yeah.
But this is how toxic this relationship with the president is right where the
president says something on TV. Yeah. And then people go,
what the did you just say get light to people.
And then this publicly traded biotech companies,
like actually we've already been working on that and this is the concept and
this is the science behind it because UV light kills BA you, you banned,
they banned them. They banned a biotech company from Twitter.
Now they brought the back once it was explained to them. Yeah.
But any other time in history, like say of the, this was going on, right.
You know, 10 years ago.
And there was a virus and the virus is infecting people's respiratory systems.
And someone said, while these people are, are being intubated,
we can actually stick a light through the same tube that the ventilator uses and
we'll illuminate the lungs.
We could actually probably kill a good deal of this bacteria. Be like, oh,
medical breakthrough. Right.
And this, but you've had a complete disintegration. Right.
It's that's the result of a breakdown and that's, what's been,
so that's why it doesn't work in communist countries.
Like you can't trust the source for your information. Right.
That's what we're at in a democracy. We're no one can trust the sore.
We're all scrambling. Like does this one know? Does this one.
Know,
does this one what's a direct result of his toxic relationship with the press?
Yes.
Because people are so people who are with him are so with him and people who are
against him are so against him. And it's almost like people with him.
Part of the reason why they're with him is cause they're so against all these
other whiny, liberal people, that that's side.
Just so annoying. No I'm going with Trump. He tells 'em to off.
That's my favorite part. Right?
He makes them, he makes those people angry. Yeah. Yeah.
No, a hundred percent. It's a terrible relationship. It's so it's, it's.
Bad for everybody. It's awful. Because if in any,
if at any moment we should be uniting and taking care of each other. It's now